[CTOR-512] Update SensorGateway page (#3282)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/hardware-sensors-serverscheck-sensorgateway-snmp.md

id: hardware-sensors-serverscheck-sensorgateway-snmp
title: SensorGateway
---
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Pack assets

### Templates

The Monitoring Connector **SensorGateway** brings a host template:

* **HW-Sensor-Serverscheck-Sensorgateway-SNMP-custom**

The connector brings the following service templates (sorted by the host template they are attached to):

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="HW-Sensor-Serverscheck-Sensorgateway-SNMP-custom" label="HW-Sensor-Serverscheck-Sensorgateway-SNMP-custom">

| Service Alias  | Service Template                                                 | Service Description            |
|:---------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------|

> | Sensors-Global | HW-Sensors-Serverscheck-Sensorgateway-Sensors-Global-SNMP-custom | Check all sensors of equipment |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Sensors-Global | HW-Sensors-Serverscheck-Sensorgateway-Sensors-Global-SNMP-custom | Check all the sensors on the equipment |
```
